{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green15\blue21;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c4706\c7059\c10980\c60000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reference and credit for the images being applied: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Retrieved from: https://www.pexels.com/photo/analysis-blackboard-board-bubble-355952/\
\
Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/227880-female-developer-vector\
\
Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/286789-graphic-design-software-vector\
\
Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/349482-vector-tag-icon\
\
Retrieved from:https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/idea\
\
Brand Logo Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/brand-logo \
\
Graphic Design Software Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/graphic-design-software\
\
Construction Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/construction\
\
Background Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/background\
\
Web Development Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/web-development\
\
Web Development Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/web-development\
\
Web Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/web\
\
Abstract Vectors by Vecteezy. Retrieved from: https://www.vecteezy.com/free-vector/abstract\
}